What is software engineering?
Who is Margaret Hamilton?
Is software seen as an industrial process?
Did Margaret Hamilton help in the moon landing?
What is the sweetback project?
What is software?
Did Mark Andriessen create netscape?
Do software engineers build their own tools?
Is there an exam in this module?
What is agile development?
What is the textbook for this module?
How to setup a BitBucket account?
What is Git?
Is there a textbook for Git?
Which IDE should I use?
Is VIM a good editor?
If I am on Mac, should I use Xcode?
Did Microsoft buy Visual Studio Code?
Do we have to try different editors?
How to find the lowest common ancestor?
Do we have to build the lowest common ancestor doing unit testing?
Are you recording live sessions?
Do I have to come to the live sessions?
Who is Fred Brooks?
What is Moore's Law?
What is the difference between mathematics and software?
Is software arbitrary?
Did programming in C exist in 1986?
Is C a lower level language than Java?
Will these high level languages be replaced in the next few years?
What is encapsulation?
What is test driven development?
What is Ex Machina?
What is Somerville's book?
What is the difference between plan-driven and agile?
Do we have to do both plan-driven and agile development?
What does Ian Somerville say about software processes?
What is the task of the development team?
What to do when we want to study software development processes?
What is a model?
What are the three models?
What is the waterfall model?
Is waterfall model document driven?
Is waterfall model slow?
What is incremental development?
Is incremental development about delivering prototypes?
Is incremental development similar to waterfall development?
Does incremental development require parallel activity?
Is there a development methodology built around reuse?
Is reuse model risky?
Is waterfall model plan-driven or agile?
Was software seen as rigorous?
What are the problems with the waterfall model?
Is robustness a problem with waterfall model?
Is waterfall model appropriate for large scale software?
What happened when waterfall was found to be too heavy?
Is incremental development agile and plan-driven?
What are the benfits of incremental development?
Is cost of change expensive and difficult to do in waterfall process?
Is cost of change low for incremental development?
Does incremental allow for customers to feedback earlier?
Is software written when it only has commercial benefits to somebody?
What are the problems of incremental development?
Is incremental development architecturally hard?
Why did engineers decide on the waterfall model?
Where would you use incremental development?
What is reuse orientated software about?
What are the kinds of things that will be reused?
Is the world largely dominated by service delivery or packaged software delivery?
What open source software are most web services we interact with on a day to day basis using?
What are the challenges to reuse?
What is the reality of open source development?
What does a developer using open source software need to be aware of?
Should I find a piece of existing software that does the job for me?
What are the software processes?
What does requirements elicitation analysis lead to?
When does a system architexture get implemented?
Is the waterfall model a bad idea?
Are the development processes not good at dealing with change?
Is agile not a silver bullet?
What is the Unix pipe?
Should you overengineer your code?
What do agile people do?
How would you deliver a piece of software on an incremental basis?
Is there a need for rapid software development?
When was agile development created?
Is there documentation in agile development?
What is the agile manifesto?
Why is the agile process popular?
Where can agile be applied?
Does agile work for small teams?
What does agile discourage?
Where does agile not work well?
Are there no specifications in agile development?
How to know if an agile developing team is making progress?
Are there challenges around software development and contracts?
Is agile software maintainable?
Is agile overly dependant on keeping team together?
What is Docker?
How to test if Docker is running?



